Hu-Go! Linux specific notes

 

Zeograd (zeograd@zeograd.com)

Table of Contents

Introduction
Supported versions
Installation
    Sources
    Debian package
    Mandrake packages
    Others distributions



 Introduction

This document briefly describes specifics of Hu-Go! on 
the Linux platforms.

 Supported versions

Hu-Go! has been reported to work on Linux 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 
but should theorically work on lower and higher 
versions. All distributions should be support by 
Hu-Go!, for instance Debian, Red Hat, Mandrake, 
Knoppix, Suse, Slackware, ...

 Installation

Hu-Go! is available as binary packages for some 
distributions or as sources for others.

 Sources

Hu-Go! requirements for compiling from sources is quite 
usual. It needs gcc 2.95+ or 3+ and SDL development 
files. Optional developpement files includes gtk+ 2.0 
or better for the graphical interface, zlib for unzip 
support, SDL_net for netplay. The classical "./configure" 
execution should detect all what is available and the 
usual "make" and "make install" will compile and install Hu-Go!

 Debian package

Latest debian packages can be found on zeograd.com. To 
install them the apt-get way (which will handle the 
dependencies right), add the following line in your "
/etc/apt/sources.list" :

deb http://www.zeograd.com/debian/ unstable main

deb-src http://www.zeograd.com/debian unstable main 

then do a "apt-get update && apt-get install hugo". 
Actually, this is the location of the CVS daily build. 
I will set up a stable repository if there is any 
demand for it.

 Mandrake packages

Littletux provides packages for i586 architectures in 
.rpm format, either the binary and the source package. 
You need to dowload it and use "rpm" to install it.

 Others distributions

If you which to help setting up another kind of 
repository for Hu-Go! packages (Ubuntu, Gentoo, Red 
Hat, ...), I'd be glad to hear from you.
